# Pixium-Hd-Wallpapers-Android-App-
We are in service to provide you an unique collection of HD and 4K wallpapers. Now, you don't have to boringly search the web for wallpapers, all you have to do is few taps in order to get high-resolution HD &amp; 4k wallpapers of your favorite genre. Complement your screen with exclusive wallpapers because we are aligned to the current trends in the world to provide you the best in class wallpapers.  — Simply Attractive An app that will make you fall in love with wallpapers. It's UI is designed to give a clutter-free experience by removing all the excess. Hassle free experience with a minimalistic interface and the negligible number of a relevant advertisement. All the wallpapers in the app are free to download.   — Save battery and resources. (Features) The application displays only adapted to the size of your screen Wallpapers. This allows you to conserve battery power and Internet traffic, and use the app at maximum speed without losing image quality. This app works on dynamic loading algorithm which saves the data in ypur mobile if few wallpapers are already present in the downloads section.   — Visionary wallpapers   PIXIUM is a high quality, selective collection 4k &amp; HD wallpapers exclusively made by artists, for your device. Your phone and tablet have never been so good-looking.  *Disclaimer: All pictures listed in this app are licensed under a public domain or uploaded by artists. User is requested to use these images only as wallpaper/backgrounds.
